ref(astro): Add Netlify adapter compatibility note (#9130)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/getting-started-primer/javascript.astro.mdx

- A Node runtime:
  - This SDK currently only works on Node runtimes (e.g. Node adapter, Vercel with Lambda functions).
    Non-Node runtimes, like Vercel's Edge runtime or Cloudflare Pages, are currently not supported.

> - If you're using Astro's Netflify adapter (`@astrojs/netlify`), only version 5.0.0 or newer is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you're using Astro's Netflify adapter (`@astrojs/netlify`), you need version `5.0.0` or newer.
```
